Added: alt attribute to few images (#19366)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/session_hijacking/index.md

Most authentication occurs only at the start of a {{glossary("TCP")}} session. In TCP session hijacking, an attacker gains access by taking over a TCP session between two machines in mid session.

> ![This image shows how an attacker is trying to bypass the session between a regular user and the server to exploit the user's session](session_hijacking_3.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The attacker sniff accesses a legitimate session id from a user interacting with a web server, then uses that session identifier to spoof the session between the regular user and the server to exploit the user's session and access the server directly.](session_hijacking_3.jpg)
```

Reviewer: the fact that the session IDs are the same is the important thing the sighted user will learn from this image, so that should be conveyed in the alt attribute.

> ![The attacker sniff accesses a legitimate session id from a user interacting with a web server, then uses that session identifier to spoof the session between the regular user and the server to exploit the user's session and access the server directly.](session_hijacking_3.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The attacker sniffs and accesses a legitimate session id from a user interacting with a web server, then uses that session identifier to spoof the session between the regular user and the server to exploit the user's session and access the server directly.](session_hijacking_3.jpg)
```
